SpeedyBee Wing v2 (#29282)
ArduPilot/ardupilot: libraries/AP_HAL_ChibiOS/hwdef/SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2/README.md

# SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2" Flight Controller

The SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2 is a flight controller produced by [SpeedyBee](http://www.speedybee.com/).

## Features
    Processor
        STM32F405 168Mhz, 1MB 32-bit processor
        AT7456E OSD
    Sensors
        ICM42688P Acc/Gyro
        SPA006 barometer
    Power
        2S - 6S Lipo input voltage with voltage monitoring
        90A Cont., 215A peak current monitor
        9V/12/5V, 1.8A BEC for powering Video Transmitter controlled by GPIO
        4.9V/6V/7.2V, 4.5A BEC for servos
        5V, 2.4A BEC for internal and peripherals
    Interfaces
        12x PWM outputs (Serial LED output is PWM12)
        1x RC input
        6x UARTs/serial for GPS and other peripherals
        I2C port for external compass, airspeed, etc.
        microSDCard for logging, etc.
        USB-C port
  

## Pinout

![SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2](SpeedyBeeF405WING.png)

## Wiring Diagram

![SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2 Wiring](SpeedyBeeF405WING_wiring.png)

## UART Mapping

> The UARTs are marked Rn and Tn in the above pinouts. The Rn pin is the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The UARTs are marked RXn and TXn in the above pinouts. The RXn pin is the
```

receive pin for UARTn. The Tn pin is the transmit pin for UARTn.

 - SERIAL0 -> USB
 - SERIAL1 -> USART1 (Telem1)
 - SERIAL2 -> USART2 (RX tied to inverted SBUS RC input, but can be used as normal UART if :ref:`BRD_ALT_CONFIG<>` =1) 
 - SERIAL3 -> UART3 (MSP DisplayPort) (TX DMA capable)
 - SERIAL4 -> UART4 (User) (TX DMA capable)
 - SERIAL5 -> UART5 (GPS) (TX DMA capable)
 - SERIAL6 -> UART6 (Serial RC RCIN) 

## RC Input

RC input is configured on the SBUS pin (inverted and sent to UART2_RX). It supports all RC
protocols except serial protocols such as CRSF, ELRS, etc. Those devices can be connected to USART1 TX and RX, instead.
Fport can be connected to USART1 TX also, but will require an external bi-directional inverter and the ref:`SERIAL1_OPTION<SERIAL1_OPTION>' = 4 (HalfDuplex) set.
   
## OSD Support

> The SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2 supports using its internal OSD using OSD_TYPE 1 (MAX7456 driver). External OSD support such as DJI or DisplayPort is supported using UART5 or any other free UART5. See :ref:`common-msp-osd-overview-4.2` for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SpeedyBeeF405WINGV2 supports using its internal OSD using OSD_TYPE 1 (MAX7456 driver). HD VTX OSD support is enabled by default on SERIAL 3
```

## Analog Airspeed Input

The analog airspeed pin is "15"

## PWM Output

> The SpeedyBeeF405WingV2 supports up to 12 PWM outputs (PWM12 is the serial LED output, by default). All outputs support DShot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SpeedyBeeF405WingV2 supports up to 12 PWM outputs (PWM12 is the serial LED output, by default). All outputs support DShot. Outputs 1-4 support bi-directional DShot.
```

The PWM is in 5 groups:

 - PWM 1,2 in group1
 - PWM 2,4 in group2
 - PWM 5-7 in group3
 - PWM 8-10 in group4
 - PWM 11,12 in group5  Note: PWM12 is setup for LED use by default, if PWM11 is used, you must re-assign PMW12 to a normal PWM output or nothing

Channels within the same group need to use the same output rate. If
any channel in a group uses DShot then all channels in that group would need
to use DShot.

## Battery Monitoring

The board has a built-in voltage and current sensor. The current
sensor can read up to 90A continuously, 215 Amps peak. The voltage sensor can handle up to 6S
LiPo batteries.

The correct battery setting parameters are set by default and are:

 - BATT_MONITOR 4
 - BATT_VOLT_PIN 10
 - BATT_CURR_PIN 11

>  - BATT_VOLT_MULT 11.5

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - BATT_VOLT_MULT 11.05
```
